Aflores 279511 last procedures (#802)
osisoft/OCS-Docs: content/add-organize-data/collect-data/connectors/pi-to-ocs/pi2ocs-rel-notes.md

*PI to OCS Agent*

**PI to OCS Agent Fails to register, and agent status remains in “Retrieving State”.**

The 1.6.1204.0 and 1.7.0.0 versions of the PI To OCS Agent will fail to register and fail to appear in the OSIsoft Cloud Service portal on new installations. The PI to OCS Configuration Utility will also display an agent status of "Retrieving State".

This has been fixed. Customers must upgrade to the latest version of the PI to OCS Agent to enable the fix.

> **During installation, the agent description not properly set in OCS.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**During installation, the agent description is not properly set in OCS.**
```

> Previously, the agent description specified during PI to OCS Agent installation wasn't properly replicated to OCS. This has been fixed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, the agent description specified during PI to OCS Agent installation was not properly replicated to OCS. This has been fixed.
```
